Ato 1016/create custom domain name for ipv stub (#103)
govuk-one-login/orch-stubs: infrastructure/manual-stacks/link-hosted-zone/README.md

# Manual stacks - Link Hosted Zone
## Intro

> The SAM template is used to creates an NS Record on the root domain account for the sub domains that live
> in the orchestration account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SAM template is used to creates an NS record on the root domain account for the subdomains that live in the orchestration account.
```
